PGD doc changes related to BA PGD GQ (#4693)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5/deployments.mdx

- [Trusted Postgres Architect](/tpa/latest) (TPA) is an orchestration tool that uses Ansible to build Postgres clusters using a set of reference architectures that document how to set up and operate Postgres in various scenarios. TPA represents the best practices followed by EDB, and its recommendations apply to quick testbed setups just as they do to production environments. See [Deploying with TPA](tpa) for more information.

> - EDB BigAnimal is a fully managed database-as-a-service with built-in Oracle compatibility that runs in your cloud account or an EDB hosted account where it's operated by our Postgres experts. EDB BigAnimal makes it easy to set up, manage, and scale your databases. The addition of distributed, high availability powered by EDB Postgres Distributed (PGD) enables single and multi-region Always On clusters.  See [Distributed high availability](/biganimal/latest/overview/02_high_availability/#distributed-high-availability) in the [EDB BigAnimal documentation](/biganimal/latest) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- EDB BigAnimal is a fully managed database-as-a-service with built-in Oracle compatibility that runs in your cloud account or BigAnimal's cloud account where it's operated by our Postgres experts. EDB BigAnimal makes it easy to set up, manage, and scale your databases. The addition of distributed high-availability powered by EDB Postgres Distributed (PGD) enables single and multi-region Always On clusters.  See [Distributed high availability](/biganimal/latest/overview/02_high_availability/#distributed-high-availability) in the [EDB BigAnimal documentation](/biganimal/latest) for more information.
```

> - EDB BigAnimal is a fully managed database-as-a-service with built-in Oracle compatibility that runs in your cloud account or BigAnimal's cloud account where it's operated by our Postgres experts. EDB BigAnimal makes it easy to set up, manage, and scale your databases. The addition of distributed high-availability powered by EDB Postgres Distributed (PGD) enables single and multi-region Always On clusters.  See [Distributed high availability](/biganimal/latest/overview/02_high_availability/#distributed-high-availability) in the [EDB BigAnimal documentation](/biganimal/latest) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- EDB BigAnimal is a fully managed database-as-a-service with built-in Oracle compatibility that runs in your cloud account or BigAnimal's cloud account where it's operated by our Postgres experts. EDB BigAnimal makes it easy to set up, manage, and scale your databases. The addition of distributed high-availability powered by EDB Postgres Distributed (PGD) enables single and multi-region Always On clusters.  See [Distributed high availability](/biganimal/latest/overview/02_high_availability/#distributed-high-availability-preview) in the [EDB BigAnimal documentation](/biganimal/latest) for more information.
```
